Service release notes updates (#390)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/releasenotes/archive/service/year2019.md

[Slack](https://slack.com/) is a  cloud-based set of software tools and online services that provides for secure collaboration across teams, departments, offices and countries.

![Slack_Overview.png](https://help.sumologic.com/@api/deki/files/7190/Slack_Overview.png?revision=1&size=bestfit&width=625)

---
## August 26, 2019 (Apps)

New - The Sumo Logic App for [MongoDB Atlas](https://help.sumologic.com/07Sumo-Logic-Apps/12Databases/MongoDB_Atlas "MongoDB Atlas") is now available. The MongoDB Atlas App allows you to monitor database operations, performance KPIs and provides visibility into the security posture of your clusters. with the following dashboard types:  

-   **Operations: **Formonitoring database operationsand cluster health
-   **Performance:** For insights into slow queries, database and hardware metrics
-   **Security:** For visibility into user logins, audit events, project and organizational activity, incoming threats, and IOCs.

> ![Community](https://help.sumologic.com/@api/deki/files/117/Community.png)The MongoDB Atlas App supports MongoDB Version 3.4 and above.

Reviewer: Convert this to a note

```suggestion

:::note
The MongoDB Atlas App supports MongoDB Version 3.4 and above.
:::

```
